# Folder Information
This folder contains files that were used to generate and process the data that are presented in the `queeems` package's vignettes.

- [dambe](dambe): contains screenshots of the outputs that were obtained when the DAMBE software was used to analyse the empirical `VertCOI.fasta` protein sequence.

- [protein](protein): contains three sub-folders. (a.) [seq](protein/seq) - contains the simulated protein sequence data sets that are named with respect to the corresponding variance of the synonymous selection coefficients (`00 = 0.00` and `01 = 0.01`) and the length of each branch on the phylogeny used for the simulation (`03 = 0.03`, `04 = 0.04`, `05 = 0.05`, `06 = 0.06`, `07 = 0.07`, `08 = 0.08`). For example, a file named `s01b06.txt` should contain all the five molecular data replicates generated by specifying that the variance of the synonymous selection coefficients is equal to `0.01` and that each of the terminal `64` and the `62` inner branches of the generating phylogeny is equal to `0.06`. (b.) [ctl](protein/ctl) - contains the control `.ctl` files for executing PAML for the analyses of the simulated data. The files have a similar naming style as the [seq](protein/seq) files. (c.) [tr3](protein/tr3) - contains newick format files of the generating phylogenies and they are named, as `treeb03.txt`, ..., `treeb08.txt` in terms of the branch lengths as described previously.

- [s00dnds](s00dnds.csv): an Excel file that contains the analytical estimates of the ratio of non-synonymous to synonymous substitution rates for the simulated data where the synonymous coefficient variance is set to 0.00. The values are obtained as outputs from the `scoup` simulation.

- [s01dnds](s01dnds.csv): an Excel file that contains the analytical estimates of the ratio of non-synonymous to synonymous substitution rates for the simulated data where the synonymous coefficient variance is set to 0.01. The values are obtained as outputs from the `scoup` simulation.

- [s00omega](s00omega.csv): an Excel file that contains the maximum likelihood estimates of the ratio of non-synonymous to synonymous substitution rates for the simulated data where the synonymous coefficient variance is set to 0.00. The values are obtained as outputs from PAML.

- [s01omega](s01omega.csv): an Excel file that contains the maximum likelihood estimates of the ratio of non-synonymous to synonymous substitution rates for the simulated data where the synonymous coefficient variance is set to 0.01. The values are obtained as outputs from PAML.

- [simulate](simulate.R): contains the `R` code that was used to execute the simulation that generated the data in the [protein](protein) folder and the [s00dnds](s00dnds.csv) \& [s01dnds](s01dnds.csv) files.

- [summarise](summarise.R): contains the `R` code that was used to process the analyses output and generate the results presented in the vignettes.

